So, um, I know that some of you might be
thinking, what is a Gemini gym? So, the
Gemini gym that we're going to set up
today for for each of you is going to be
your personal AI twin. Um, so it's not
going to have generic chatbt outputs.
Um, I know that me personally, whenever
I'm on social media or even if I get an
email from someone real quick, I'm like,
"Yeah, chatbt wrote that. It's super
simple." um to point out once you kind
of learn some of the the the cues of it.
So this is going to prevent that from
happening. This is going to be your
customtailored
AI chat agent that sounds like you. So a
gym what it is is it has a set of
instructions and knowledge documents on
what you want it to have and it responds
on those parameters based on those
instructions and those knowledge
documents. That way you're not getting
that generic
type of content that you probably see
quite often. So you know why why really
does this matter? So it's about
consistency and it's about satisfaction.
It's about having good communication.
So, your goal on every closing, on every
transaction should be a five-star review
and for it to end up in either a coffee
appointment or a Zoom call or whatever
with the listing agent. And one of the
best ways that you can do that is by
having amazing communication. And
sometimes it's hard to know what to say.
So, this is going to give you what to
say. You just have to ask the questions.